README.md, before:

## Myself

- 📖 I’m currently learning 
    - Golang & CloudFormation
- ✉️ How to reach me: luxorienskim@gmail.com
- 🎓 Education: Korea University. B.A. in Linguistics.

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24871719/132305540-3832840e-279e-41c6-a78d-49852b25ced1.JPG" alt="linguist" width="500" style="border-radius: 2%"/>

---
## GitHub Stats

[![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=kimseungbin)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=kimseungbin&layout=compact)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)


# Skills
## JavaScript/Node.js 
- ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) / ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-%2343853D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
- ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
  - Intermediate at building a monolithic web server.
- ![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/svelte-%23f1413d.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white)
  - Can build simple SPA.
- [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/)
  - Can build a Full stack web service.
- ![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white)
  - Intermediate at implementing testing and TDD.
- [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/)
  - Can perform crawling

## Go 
- ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
- [Sample Repository] [Go TDD](https://github.com/kimseungbin/go-tdd): demonstrates basic understanding on TDD and Go.
- [Sample Repository] [microservice](https://github.com/kimseungbin/microservice): Microservice practice
- [Bun](https://bun.uptrace.dev/)
  - Can connect to PostgreSQL using ORM.

## OpenAPI
- ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white)
- https://www.openapis.org/
- Advanced at designing and writing RESTful API documentation using OpenAPI 3.1.x.

## GraphQL
- ![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white) / ![Apollo-GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ApolloGraphQL-311C87?style=for-the-badge&logo=apollo-graphql)
- Can write GraphQL schema
- Can implement GraphQL via
  - JavaScript: [Apollo Server](https://www.apollographql.com/)
  - Go: [gqlgen](https://gqlgen.com/getting-started/)

## MongoDB
- ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
- Advanced at complex querying MongoDB using aggregations.
- Intermediate at indexing and designing database structure.

## PostgreSQL
- ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
- Can perform queries using SQL.
- Can design tables.

## DevOps
- ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
- AWS CloudFormation
- AWS CDK
- [Sample Repository] [Cloudformation](https://github.com/kimseungbin/cloudformation): A simple cloudformation template provisioning VPC and subnets with own CI/CD.

## Docker
- ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
- Can create and use container images
- [Sample Repository] [go-docker](https://github.com/kimseungbin/go-docker): uses Docker and docker-compose to create local development environment

## Git
- ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) / ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
- Intermediate at managing versions using Git; including advanced skills like interactive rebase, cherry-pick and submodule.
- 

### Currently learning

- ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

### Familiar Skills
- ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
- ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-%2314354C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)

[comment]: <> (https://github.com/Ileriayo/markdown-badges)

Commit message:

feat: sample repository go-cdk-go-lambda

README.md, after:

## Myself

- 📖 I’m currently learning 
    - Golang & CloudFormation
- ✉️ How to reach me: luxorienskim@gmail.com
- 🎓 Education: Korea University. B.A. in Linguistics.

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24871719/132305540-3832840e-279e-41c6-a78d-49852b25ced1.JPG" alt="linguist" width="500" style="border-radius: 2%"/>

---
## GitHub Stats

[![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=kimseungbin)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=kimseungbin&layout=compact)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)


# Skills
## JavaScript/Node.js 
- ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) / ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-%2343853D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
- ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
  - Intermediate at building a monolithic web server.
- ![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/svelte-%23f1413d.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white)
  - Can build simple SPA.
- [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/)
  - Can build a Full stack web service.
- ![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white)
  - Intermediate at implementing testing and TDD.
- [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/)
  - Can perform crawling

## Go 
- ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
- [Sample Repository] [go-cdk-go-lambda](https://github.com/kimseungbin/go-cdk-go-lambda): A demo CDK app written in Go that showcases the deployment of AWS Lambda function using Go.
- [Sample Repository] [Go TDD](https://github.com/kimseungbin/go-tdd): demonstrates basic understanding on TDD and Go.
- [Sample Repository] [microservice](https://github.com/kimseungbin/microservice): Microservice practice
- [Bun](https://bun.uptrace.dev/)
  - Can connect to PostgreSQL using ORM.

## OpenAPI
- ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white)
- https://www.openapis.org/
- Advanced at designing and writing RESTful API documentation using OpenAPI 3.1.x.

## GraphQL
- ![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white) / ![Apollo-GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ApolloGraphQL-311C87?style=for-the-badge&logo=apollo-graphql)
- Can write GraphQL schema
- Can implement GraphQL via
  - JavaScript: [Apollo Server](https://www.apollographql.com/)
  - Go: [gqlgen](https://gqlgen.com/getting-started/)

## MongoDB
- ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
- Advanced at complex querying MongoDB using aggregations.
- Intermediate at indexing and designing database structure.

## PostgreSQL
- ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
- Can perform queries using SQL.
- Can design tables.

## DevOps
- ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
- AWS CloudFormation
- AWS CDK
- [Sample Repository] [go-cdk-go-lambda](https://github.com/kimseungbin/go-cdk-go-lambda): A demo CDK app written in Go that showcases the deployment of AWS Lambda function using Go.
- [Sample Repository] [Cloudformation](https://github.com/kimseungbin/cloudformation): A simple cloudformation template provisioning VPC and subnets with own CI/CD.

## Docker
- ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
- Can create and use container images
- [Sample Repository] [go-docker](https://github.com/kimseungbin/go-docker): uses Docker and docker-compose to create local development environment

## Git
- ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) / ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
- Intermediate at managing versions using Git; including advanced skills like interactive rebase, cherry-pick and submodule.
- 

### Currently learning

- ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

### Familiar Skills
- ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
- ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-%2314354C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)

[comment]: <> (https://github.com/Ileriayo/markdown-badges)
